# Leetcode Java Solutions
Causion: the files and file NOs are generated by the ruby script, it might not exactly corresponding to the original problem set NOs.

## Browsing Tools
### Chrome extension
[octotree](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/octotree/bkhaagjahfmjljalopjnoealnfndnagc?hl=en-US) is a handy navigation extension adding a file system sidebar to
the original github.com website.

### mobile client
You may checkout iOctocat for iOS, and codehub for Android.

## File Format
We use the repo to record the solution and notes each file for a OJ problem.

The format is [Github Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/), anyone can master its syntax in 10 minutes.
Specifically to our files, each file we've generated a link to the original OJ web page, and a navigation links to next/prev problems. It typically looks like
this:

```
[1. Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)

- prev: none
- [next: 2 Add Two Numbers](002-add-two-numbers.md)

---

put your own notes and solutions here.

if the solution used a particular algorithm, you could leave a [reference link](https://wikipedia/example.html) here.

---

- prev: none
- [next: 2 Add Two Numbers](002-add-two-numbers.md)
```

We use Markdown for fast editing and coorperating. Indeed the most of time you could click the `edit` button on the github page to do online edit works.

Currently the solutions are just the 1st try code writen by me(robturtle). Seems the author haven't done any OJ before, it's very likely the initial 
implementations are naive and in ugly form. Feel free to fork it and pull request for the best practice.

If you don't like the stupid implementations, it's fine. You might be interested in forking the 
[empty branch](https://github.com/leetcode-study-group/leetcode-java-solutions/tree/empty) for your own convenience.

But once you stick on this master branch, few conventions must be met:

0. The navigation links in the original file must be perserved.
1. All the notes, code and comments in the code is recommended to be writen in English.
2. Any other hyper-linked references could be in any languages. (including your own forked branch as reference).
3. Use one line comment (not multi-line comment) before code, there are several keyword could be used for further LoC generation
   - Time
   - Space
   - Tag
   - Note
4. creating a new solution from empty could use the default `Update XXX.md` commit message, otherwise describe what you've done.

## How to contribute
TO BE DETERMINED
- [ ] fork & pull request
- [ ] everyone can freely append the contents and freely replace original contents after communication with original author.

## Discussions
- Any discussions related to current code are encouraged to mark the exact line in the commit and leave a note at that very position.
- Any other discussions are encouraged to use the githbu issue system. Please pay the respect of Github and StackOverflow's conventions about asking questions.
